c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\5x2 Button.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Pixel.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\The Trial of Kanoor.exe
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\The Trial of Kanoor.pdb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\obj\x86\Debug\The Trial of Kanoor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\obj\x86\Debug\The Trial of Kanoor.exe
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\obj\x86\Debug\The Trial of Kanoor.pdb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\StaticGradient4096.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\PlatformPlan.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Overlay.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Health.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\HealthBracket.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Reticule.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\2Pix.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ArmorSheet.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ItemDesc.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\The Trial of Kanoor\The Trial of Kanoor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\itemName.xnb
